"description":"<span> My passion for architecture is rooted in a spiritual and philosophical longing—to recover the vocation of the architect as one who reflects, however imperfectly, the order and beauty of the Divine Geometer. I am drawn to classical, vernacular, and traditional architecture because they represent a continuity of wisdom—architecture not as novelty, but as a living tradition that upholds beauty, purpose, and permanence.</span> <span>In response to the homogenised and globalised trends I observed in contemporary architectural education, I began to look elsewhere. I turned to the quiet power of forgotten architects—Marion Mahony Griffin, Hassan Fathy, Antoni Gaudí, Dimitris Pikionis—figures whose work breathed meaning, memory, and material truth. Their commitment to hand drawing and the analogue resonated deeply with me. I refused to let go of the pencil and set square, not out of nostalgia, but because I found that drawing by hand sharpened my senses, revealed the subtle, and made design an embodied, meditative practice.</span> <span>My path has not been easy. I fell in love with the Acropolis, only to struggle with my own inability to translate intuition into drawing. But those defeats deepened my resolve. I immersed myself in timber workshops, classical planning networks, and independent reading. At the Pittwater Summer School, something within me awakened. I saw architecture in light of eternity—intertwined with the stars, the land, and the soul.</span> <span>In response to the homogenised and globalised trends I observed in contemporary architectural education, I began to look elsewhere. I turned to the quiet power of forgotten architects—Marion Mahony Griffin, Hassan Fathy, Antoni Gaudí, Dimitris Pikionis—figures whose work breathed meaning, memory, and material truth. Their commitment to hand drawing and the analogue resonated deeply with me. I refused to let go of the pencil and set square, not out of nostalgia, but because I found that drawing by hand sharpened my senses, revealed the subtle, and made design an embodied, meditative practice.</span> <span>The INTBAU Summer School is, to me, a pilgrimage. I hope to learn from those who still believe in beauty as a duty, and tradition as a gift. I want to return equipped—not just with technical skill, but with vision. To design buildings that are rooted in culture, responsive to nature, and radiant with meaning. Architecture, for me, must be a joy to inhabit and a prayer in built form.</span>